# kachow
Universal Basic Income, by utilizing blockchain technology.

Whitepaper Version 001

The purpose of Universal Basic Income (UBI) is that it should redistribute wealth.  There is no need to cap the total amount of coins, because the USD has had no cap for 50+ years without any practical issue.  It has been shown that it is possible to survive on $1 per meal.  Therefore every day, every wallet will receive 1*3 = 3 Kachow Coin (KCoin), to provide a living wage.  The US central bank prints money on a regular basis, deflating the USD, however the USD has been fine doing this for 50 years; the issue is that the new USD that is printed is typically not distributed to everyone, but instead to influential institutions.  We propose that this ‘top heavy’ economy results in heavy crashes that need sensational stimulus packages.  With Kachow wallet, the new coins are distributed to everyone, creating a ‘circular’ economy that should result in less predatory behavior and ideally avoid all major crashes and economic depressions.  Redistribution of wealth occurs through deflating the value of the KCoins by regular printing.  On a regular basis, the KCoin will be replaced by a new ‘version’ of the KCoin (determined via algorithm) that simply divides the value of the previous version by a factor of 10.  Hence, if the price of bread increased in KCoin-V2 to a value of 10 KCoin-V2, it would suddenly cost 1KCoin-V3.  This way deflation redistributes the wealth regularly, without leading to an accumulation of endless zeros in coinage.

The wallets should be attached to a biometric ID to ensure that duplicate UBI does not occur.

Investors receive a return on investment (ROI) through the initial KCoins that they receive, which should increase in value as the currency acquires adoption.  The investment will be used to create a mining company called Kachow Mining and Energy, which will mine KCoins in exchange for keeping the KCoin blockchain refreshed.  The amount of KCoin generated for mining will also depend on an algorithm that is linked to the valuation of KCoin in the marketplace, to maintain incentive.  Other miners will also enter the space, leading to ‘decentralization’ of the KCoin.  The business plan will then focus on the valuation of the Kachow Mining and Energy company, which will generate value through mining KCoins using mining rigs in Alaska to keep heating costs low.

